for months to impact and a wildebeest
are about to turn tail and leave what
seems like heaven but high they are
victims of their own success with the
arrival of the youngsters the population
has reached critical mass wildebeests
need to eat grass for 16 hours a day and
with a short rainy season over it can't
grow fast enough to feed them like a
plague of hairy locusts they've eaten
themselves out of house and home
the whole herd must leave in search of
green grass and water
those babies born late we are most at
risk
for the first few days of life the car
is slower than its mother
it's these youngsters that hyenas before
no stragglers no toddlers nobody can
afford to be left behind
it's a mass exodus